Create rule S6375[terraform]: Assigning high privileges Azure Active Directory built-in roles is security-sensitive (#560)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6375/ask-yourself.adoc

== Ask Yourself Whether

> - The user, group or service principal requires all the permissions granted by the role it has been assigned.

Reviewer: **First suggestion:** 
* Shouldn't we use asterisks instead of dashes for lists?
---
**Second suggestion:** 
I think we could be even more clearer about the required permissions and make the reader ask themselves: "Out of its current permissions, which ones will be used?"
Maybe like 
```suggestion
* The user, group, or service principal doesn't use the entirety of this extensive set of permissions to operate on a day-to-day basis.
```
---
**Second suggestion:** 
Talk about **separation of duties** to emphasize risks: 
* "Is it considered acceptable to have only one person required to complete highly sensitive tasks without peer approval and separation of duties?"

Reviewer 2: >Shouldn't we use asterisks instead of dashes for lists?
I checked and it renders exactly the same so I would say that both can be used without any impact.
For the sake of consistency I don't mind using `*`

> - The user, group or service principal requires all the permissions granted by the role it has been assigned.
> 
> There is a risk if you answered no to this question.

Reviewer: Full suggestion (resolved comment below for more infos):

```suggestion
* The user, group, or service principal doesn't use the entirety of this extensive set of permissions to operate on a day-to-day basis.
* It is possible to follow the Separation of Duties principle and split permissions between multiple users but it's not enforced.

There is a risk if you answered yes to any of these questions.
```

Reviewer: @pierre-loup-tristant-sonarsource

== Ask Yourself Whether

* The user, group, or service principal doesn't use the entirety of this extensive set of permissions to operate on a day-to-day basis.

> * It is possible to follow the Separation of Duties principle and split permissions between multiple users but it's not enforced.

Reviewer: Just a comma suggestion :
```suggestion
* It is possible to follow the Separation of Duties principle and split permissions between multiple users, but it's not enforced.
```

> * It is possible to follow the Separation of Duties principle and split permissions between multiple users but it's not enforced.

Reviewer: Just a comma suggestion :
```suggestion
* It is possible to follow the Separation of Duties principle and split permissions between multiple users, but it's not enforced.
```
